- [ ] APIs for buying and selling
- [x] RnD on socket and realtime connection
- [x] UI for card for bidding
- [x] Looking to the issue with old application



## Realtime connection RnD
1. Both web sockets and polling have advantages and disadvantages but to which one to really use depends on the requirements alone.
2. Pros of Sockets
	1. Sockets does a lot of things for mantaining realtimeness and state management
	2. On large scall application creating a socket and multiple connection is better than polling as polling can potentially scale http request to a very number and if the process is heavy it can cause issues on server.
3. Cons of Sockets
	1. Scalability issues
	   if we ever decide to change the version of server, we will need to create new sockets
	2. Reconnection issue
	   web sockets are considered to be keep alive by default so in case of disconnection of socket due to some reason we have to handle that situation manually
4. On high load we use websockets and vice versa
5. In our case we are want to use the real time data fetching for just getting the bids, even just the updated buds.

## Issue in old application
### Foreign offer not being created
The issue is that the BE is expecting a key named expectedDeliveryDate in the variable that is sent by FE, but FE does not have any such field. And, even in the oldest FE codebase I cannot find anything that resembles the expectedDeliveryDate. 
I tried to recreate issue on local, but it worked. This is due some code change in development and main branches the code is not same. The commit history and all are different in both branches
#### Fix
We can create a new branch from development branch and reset all the commits from start from our end keeping the last one from older version. It will make the code run on the code for the older application only.

## Notes
1. 
2. 
3. 