
## Bookmarked
- [x] Jenny Patrick parent's student having restrictions that parent didn't set.
- [x] Student not showing up
	1. Paige sandoval
	2. Audrey Carr
	3. Braxton Jones
- [x] Archer city have more books on the then showing up may be duplicates.
- [x] ISBN input for adding books can be different from 13 digits.
- [x] Change email rlrios117@yahoo.com to snappa83@yahoo.com
- [x] Change password to Test123! of Romano Sarah, student Amia Romano, campus Bosquiville middle school
- [x] Change Bosquiville middle school s parent name, first to last and vice versa. Check first on the classlink.
- [ ] Change email kristina.m.mayo@gmail.com to Cunningham_1221@yahoo.com and Student not linked
- [ ] Heather Hansen have extra student Audrey Patrick, she have only 2
- [ ] user [melodyrhodes09@gmail.com](mailto:melodyrhodes09@gmail.com) at Clear Creek Elementary can't create her account - keeps getting error. Can you set up account for her and make the password Test123!.
- [ ] user [emily.johnston@bosquevilleisd.org](mailto:emily.johnston@bosquevilleisd.org) at Bosqueville is connected to a kid that is not hers - Johnston Kynsley 5th grade should not be on there.

## Polystox
- [ ] BE for subscription
- [ ] CC avenue integration
- [ ] Free trial working
- [ ] Addons effect on database
- [ ] Subscription payment audit


#### Onboarding Questions
Archer city extra books excel sheet.
In llano isd some student have restrictions on them that were not set by parent and i could not find the parent mentioned there jenny patrick can you provide me some more details for that like a Parent for SS.